Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Hey. damiao!
What do you think?
I think he's coming.
Go ahead and leave.
Go. go!
What? No. Ferraz.
We can't. Too many
guards. It won't work.
I'll do it myself.
Tell vico I'm not going down for this.
Ain't that a bitch?
All teams begin
block-by-block inspections.
Go. Go. Lockdown!
Fuck.
Help. I need help.
You do not move unless I tell you to.
I understand that it's chaos.
Chaos isn't necessarily
bad. it might actually help us.
No. my...
my point… listen to me.
My point is that right
now what's most important
is to show the people
who the real enemy is.
The prison is locked.
Visiting hours are over.
On the night of the bombing…
A man on a motorcycle…
left the scene…
With the two white vans.
Tell me his name.
I want his name.
You don't understand.
You will simply be giving
them what they want.
Tell me his name.
Okay.
You want a name?
I'm going to give you a name.
The name that's going to be
everywhere. if it isn't already.
All I have to do is...
John creasy!
The name is John creasy.
- John creasy…
- …intelligence officer creasy…
…not have knowledge of John creasy…
Brazilian authorities found evidence
of email communications
pointing to the involvement
of former American military and
intelligence officer John creasy
in last week's bombing.
They had me create fake emails
that not only showed you
were aware of the bombing.
but that you acted as our inside man.
Authorities say he's armed
and extremely dangerous.
and have called on law
enforcement agencies worldwide
to be on the lookout for him and a
young woman named poe ray burn.
whose family was killed in the bombing.
Authorities believe creasy may now be
traveling with and holding her hostage.
He was one of them?
It may be a lie that we've
been on the same side all along.
but if you want to prove it. we will
need to be on the same side now.
Ivan. you know this isn't true. right?
I'm not sure how much it
matters. Your face is everywhere.
We can't continue with our current plans
until we understand
where this is coming from.
Why don't you just ask creasy?
Until he decides to turn
his phone on and ring us.
we only have the
information in front of us.
Were we really helping a
guy who blew up that building?
Don't know. man.
Did you see how much they paid?
Look how much they are paying
to get this guy. For any information.
Damn. Damn.
Keep it down.
Any information.
Give me that.
But we don't have information.
Do we?
Go get vico's little buddy.
That guy Bacca.
You were set up.
Just as I was.
By who?
You really don't know?
Who's benefited from
all this. Mr. Creasy?
My organization has no history
of this sort of violence against civilians.
The bombing has just
destroyed our reputation.
But it's done wonders for someone else.
Bullshit.
Scroll down from the
stories implicating you.
and I think the latest polls
will provide your answer.
Nah. there's easier
ways to steal an election.
They didn't want to just steal the election.
They wanted total control.
And for that. they needed
emergency powers.
So they created an emergency.
And you went along with it?
They had my family. Mr. Creasy!
I did whatever I was asked.
He gave you his gun.
What?
Apparently. soares gave you his
gun because you didn't have one.
In the emails I wrote. I congratulated
you on having them so fooled
that they were personally arming you.
They wanted me to put details in
that would prove that
you and I had spoken.
We haven't spoken before today.
so how else would I know
unless they had told me?
You have to see this.
You have a satellite phone.
If you allow me to make a call.
I can share the location
where my family's being held.
and members of the frp
can stage an extraction.
Please!
You will want proof of carmo
and soares' involvement.
What kind of proof?
In which they directed me
to conduct the bombings.
They've been placed
in a safety deposit box.
But once I'm allowed to make my call.
I could take you to them.
What makes you think I've got a
plan to take both of us out of here alive?
I see.
I guess since the other CIA man
seems to have a plan
for every contingency.
I hoped you might as well.
What did you say?
You said CIA man.
You're telling me…
That the CIA... not the CIA.
An agent working on his own.
A man named Henry tap pen.
I worked with tap pen.
Rayburn worked with tap pen.
Rayburn's building
wasn't the original target.
But when Mr. Rayburn started
talking about having leaks.
and insisting that. with your
help. he could run them down.
tap pen argued that leaving you
two alive was too much of a risk.
So he convinced carmo to
switch the target to your building.
Bullshit.
He not only did it. he came
in and personally supervised.
It's a villa.
but they're supposed to leave from there
to get a yacht or something like that.
I am not sure.
but they're traveling with others.
trying to escape the country.
Yes.
You really think we'll get the reward?
I don't know.
Maybe. Maybe not.
Either way. vico and the rest will see
what happens when you fuck with me.
Asshole.
Of three Brazilian nationals
now believed to be
traveling with John creasy.
Authorities say it's unclear
whether these individuals
are aiding creasy.
Further information has been
disclosed in newly discovered…
Ivan. I need to talk to poe.
Jesus. You want to tell me
what the fuck is going on?
I said I need to speak to poe.
Okay. you're on.
Hey. poe.
Creasy?
- What's going on? Why are they saying...
- I need you to do something for me.
I need you to look up a name.
Here.
This maintenance worker
found a secret compartment.
You did very well.
There aren't many ways out of here.
Start from this room.
Search every corner.
hole. dig everything up.
I don't care. Everything!
You heard him.
Go!
Davi.
Stop!
Let's go.
Just look at the photos.
and tell me if that's
somebody you ever met.
Hold on. let me…
I saw his face.
Stay with the rider.
Stay with the rider. poe.
Shit.
That's him. Creasy. that's him.
That's the guy on the motorcycle.
Have I earned my call?
Poe. I'll call you back.
They are over there! Quickly!
Go. go!
- I'll go.
- No!
No.
You will get the floor plan
that shows where this pipe goes
and everything that connects to it.
Then I want you to start
teams working backwards
when they're found?
Kill everyone!
Whoever is helping too.
Get inside!
Go!
Let's go.
Without something like these
recordings. your options are grim.
At this point. they're likely to assume
you all know as much as creasy and poe.
which means they likely prefer
eliminating you to discussion.
No matter where we put you.
you'll be looking over your shoulders.
Creasy's sure about these recordings?
When he called. he said ferraz
has them. We'd extract him too.
How are you going to do that?
The plan we had before vico came
along is still solid and ready to go.
With some adjustments. it should work.
Beyond osip and I. we need
three people from this room.
Melo. you're the obvious choice to drive.
I'll go.
No.
It's not perfect. but you could pass.
- Well. I'm going too.
- No. creasy's orders...
am I supposed to sit here?
You don't have enough people.
Marina's out as well.
What about vico?
No fucking way.
What's wrong with you?
I go out of my way to save
you from dying in the favela.
and the first thing you do is
volunteer for a prison heist?
Creasy knew the risk. that's on him.
He wants you to fend for yourself.
You stay as far away
from here as possible.
You and beto always
thought I was weak. didn't you?
Only now it's different.
And if it's time to do the
right thing. I am not afraid.
Now. you…
Are you going to or not?
Says they're staging in a
villa and traveling by yacht.
The source was not vetted.
- We don't know if...
- No. No. listen.
It actually makes sense.
Creasy used to tag in a freelancer.
Real appetite for excitement. Get this.
Not only does he own a yacht.
his father has a villa registered
to him in the south zone.
So get me the address.
I'll send a team right away.
No. no. no.
You tell them to meet me
there. and I'll lead the approach.
We have the chance to surprise them.
and I don't want anybody fucking it up.
We got reports of
explosives. Will you open it?
With all due respect. I don't have
any information about a bomb squad.
- And I have strict orders...
- orders?
- Yes.
- There's already been an explosion.
Yes. I'm aware. but we have
protocol to follow. ma'am.
I first need to call it in.
So call. Go!
Just a minute. please.
My god. Ivan. Ivan…
Let's fly to the right! Ready?
Ready.
I got the gate! Let me in!
Jesus Christ!
He said to get him out of here.
not to invade the fucking place.
They're running like ants.
And I always assumed hanging
out with you would be boring.
You look like a kid in that uniform.
Wow. thanks! You're helping a lot.
Here.
Sooner or later. someone
is going to poke their head in.
start asking questions.
I know what to say.
It's not about what to
say. It's about how to say it.
If you sound like you look. we're done.
How am I supposed to sound?
When you talk. just pretend you're me.
Let's get moving. Be ready
as soon as we come out. Okay?
- Okay.
- You've got this.
Okay. Go. go. go!
Get out of the way!
You the supervisor here?
- No. I…
- never mind.
Pay attention.
Got reports of additional explosive
charges found here. here. and here.
We need to evacuate this entire area.
- But...
- pay attention! I don't care.
Call whoever you need to call! Go!
Spread out! She's here somewhere.
Shit.
- You sure it's here?
- I am.
Melo?
- Creasy?
- Yeah.
Thank god.
- Which one of you has the charges?
- Me.
Get dressed.
What?
There.
Shit.
What are you doing in there. kid?
What am I doing here?
What's it look like I'm doing?
I am supporting a team that's trying to
keep this fucking place from blowing up.
Hold. hold. Everybody hold a second.
I've got some asshole interrupting me.
Sorry. I just thought you...
yeah. I… look. if I need to post
shit on Facebook. I'll call you. Okay?
Now can I get back to my fucking job?
- Let's go! Everybody out!
- What are you doing here? Go!
We're blowing up the
building. Evacuate now.
Go!
- Go back!
- Out. out. out!
- Let's go!
A bomb's gonna explode.
We need to evacuate now!
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
Go. go. go!
What the fuck are you doing?
I'm sorry. creasy. I can't go with you.
What are you talking about?
If carmo and soares feel they've lost me.
they might simply order
the execution of my family
before my people have
a chance to get to them.
But if I go back. I can play for time.
If you go back. they'll kill
you and your family right...
no. no. no.
Before they kill me. they
will want to know everything.
What you… what I told you. what you
did. where you went. how you escaped.
And I will stretch my questioning
out as long as possible
in the hopes that my family is
rescued before carmo and soares realize
that everything I'm
feeding them is utter bullshit.
Let's go! Let's go!
Go. go. go!
We need to clear the
building now. come on! Go!
Everybody out! Everybody!
- Everybody out. Let's go!
- Go. go. go!
Get out!
Shit. where are they?
I don't know.
With any luck by then. not
only my family will be safe.
but you will have found
a way to turn the tables
on the people who
set all of this in motion.
What do you mean. "found a way"?
The recordings are the way.
You're taking us to them.
That's why you're coming.
I am sorry. creasy.
There are no recordings.
It was the only way to get your help.
There has to be recordings.
That's what makes all this make sense.
That's what everybody took the risk for.
I am… sorry.
I wish I could have given you evidence.
But I promise everything
I told you was true.
I pray that our head start
turns out to be enough.
I will stall them as long as I can.
Come on.
Where's ferraz?
Just go.
Get out! Get out! Get out!
Leave! It's going to explode!
Open the gate! It's
going to explode. Get out!
Get out! It's going to
explode. Get out! Let's go!
Go!
It's going to explode. Let's go.
- What is he doing here?
- The girls are here.
And they were supposed
to be back at the villa.
The villa got hit.
Whoever gave up your friends
had enough info for the
authorities to put the pieces together.
Poe got them out.
Wait.
Where's ferraz?
We didn't get him.
- Then how do we get the recordings?
- The recordings never existed.
Then what the fuck?
Creasy.
Creasy!
- You okay?
- I'm fine.
- I'm glad you made it.
- Yep. yep. yep.
I'm glad you're okay.
Tappen. he came into the house
with. like. a bunch of other officers.
Yeah. You know. I heard you
handled yourself like a real professional.
We got everything we needed?
Yeah. we got everything we need.
Why did you lie to her? She's
gonna find out the truth anyway.
Who says I lied?
Ferraz is as good as dead.
We don't have any recordings.
That don't mean we don't have
something that we can't trade.
And what is that?
Me.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-